---
type: feedback
project: nominous
session: 
title: Final refinements for April 19th
created: 2026-04-19 21:29
---

# Final refinements for April 19th

<!-- Describe the feedback here -->
I was able to run the built application, and it seems to be working fine now. But I noticed the following few errors in the terminal where the application was running. 

"libEGL warning: egl: failed to create dri2 screen" 
and 
"libEGL warning: DRI2: failed to create screen"

I'd like a few more changes to the application please. 
- The application name shown at the top of left pane should also be a link to application 'home'. 
- The home should be an overview of all events, grouped and color coded by category (optionally, priority). The left pane where a scrollable list of events is visible, should also be color coded as the right pane. Completed events can appear in separate category (Done).
- In the event countdown window, provide a button to show a calendar view, where the start and event date are shown in color, with the rest of the calendar appearing monotone. The calendar should also indicate stages or comments made on specific days with appropriate notations. 
- In the event timeline tab, show the calendar as a the x-axis instead of just a no-labeled progress bar.
- I would like to add a detailed application and data logging mechanism in the application. 
- In the settings screen, create tabs for managing category/priority, viewing application logs, and options to configure data connections to store data (to file server/cloud).
